Add docs for `ydb tools` `dump`/`restore` ACL (#8730)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/reference/ydb-cli/export-import/_includes/file_structure.md

## Directories {#dir}

> Each database directory has a corresponding directory in the file structure. Each of them includes a `permissions.pb` file, which describes the directory's ACL and owner in the [text protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/cpp/google.protobuf.text_format) format. The directory hierarchy in the file structure mirrors the hierarchy in the database. If a database directory contains no items (neither tables nor subdirectories), directory in the file structure includes a zero-size file named `empty_dir`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each database directory has a corresponding directory in the file structure. Each of them includes a `permissions.pb` file, which describes the directory ACL and owner in the [text protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/cpp/google.protobuf.text_format) format. The directory hierarchy in the file structure mirrors the hierarchy in the database. If a database directory contains no items (neither tables nor subdirectories), directory in the file structure includes an empty file named `empty_dir`.
```

> Each database directory has a counterpart directory in the file structure that includes `permissions.pb` file describing the directory ACL and owner in the [text protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/cpp/google.protobuf.text_format) format. The directory hierarchy in the file structure matches the directory hierarchy in the database. If a certain database directory includes no items (neither tables nor subdirectories), the file structure of such a directory includes file of zero size named `empty_dir`.

Author: Тут не совсем корректно использовать - `filesystem`, т.к. эта структура может быть и в S3.

## Tables {#tables}

For each table in the database, there's a same-name directory in the file structure's directory hierarchy that includes:

- The `scheme.pb` file describing the table structure and parameters in the [text protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/cpp/google.protobuf.text_format) format

> - The `permissions.pb` file describes the table's ACL and owner in the [text protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/cpp/google.protobuf.text_format) format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `permissions.pb` file describes the table ACL and owner in the [text protobuf](https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/cpp/google.protobuf.text_format) format
```

  compression: COMPRESSION_NONE
}
```

### Directories {#example-directory}

> When you export empty directory `directory`, the system will create the following file structure:

Author: Тут не совсем корректно использовать - `filesystem`, т.к. эта структура может быть и в S3.

```
└── directory
    ├── permissions.pb
    └── empty_dir
```

> When you export directory `directory` with the nested table `table`, the system will create the following file structure:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you export a directory `directory` with the nested table `table`, the system will create the following structure in a filesystem:
```

Author: Тут не совсем корректно использовать - `filesystem`, т.к. эта структура может быть и в S3.
